every time I start a company I find
people to put in place that have already
done it multiple times before because
your risk of failure are lower and they
already know everything to do so I don't
have to deal with client relationships I
don't have to deal with customer service
or anything like that I get to do what I
enjoy doing
why did you do an agency so me and Sam
always talk about like uh we have many
mottos on this podcast
um for example we don't do public math
for example you don't say you're rich
you say you're post-economic these are
things we've picked up from from guests
along the way and one of the one of the
model one of the mottos that we say is
uh you know agencies suck and uh it's
like and and the reason we say is not
because they uh like they do well that's
not that they suck it's like they suck
as a business Choice like if I could
like I've always thought if I could
choose between software or an agency I'd
do software because it's like oh it's
not a Services business it's going to
work while I sleep and they can scale up
and I don't have to open up offices in
Poland and Brazil and all these other
places
but you chose that you did software and
you chose agency now
um why'd you make that choice and what's
great about agencies that I'm
kind of like not giving enough credit
for
so you're looking at business as in
software is more scalable it's more
desirable by public markets ex HubSpot
versus uh Accenture Accenture has way
worse multiples than HubSpot Accenture
is a bigger company from a revenue even
us standpoint but now take a different
approach okay I hope publicly traded
companies you guys are both HubSpot
employees I'm assuming still is that
correct
kinda sure whatever your as his deal is
right but you guys are pretty much at
hubstock now imagine creating a business
and you don't plan on going public you
don't care for the Limelight you don't
care for any of that in business
what's a successful business
good Revenue growth and good revenue and
profitability right all that really
matters at the end of the day whether
you grow or not grow is how profitable
are you would you guys agree with that
statement assuming you're doing
something that's ethical and you're not
selling drugs no I wouldn't agree with
that I would say there's a third thing
which is like is this enjoyable and like
do I like my day-to-day and with the
more people you have
most people would say that's just a
little bit more headache than than but
that's not software or Consulting
anytime you build a big company you tend
to have a large amount of people whether
it's HubSpot or whether it's Accenture
everyone has yeah but you can have you
can probably have a much higher Revenue
per employee with software versus let's
say you own a massive landscaping
business you're gonna have to have tens
of thousands of people
but what's the difference from dealing
with how many people does HubSpot have
like 6 000 I don't know five thousand
six thousand is probably a lot I'm
guessing on the number but what's the
difference of dealing with five thousand
or six thousand people and 20 000 people
there's a point where it doesn't matter
and it's a lot of people either way
they're like it's not like you're at 50
people you still have thousands of
employees to deal with and you need
managers and layers and all that kind of
stuff yeah but you're hiring at some
good or bad you're hiring a different
type of person so for example if you're
vaynermedia they're based in New York
they can probably only afford to pay
some of their lower level employees 70
or 80 000 a year and so you just have to
get a ton of people like that and have
to have higher churn versus say a bigger
company were you able to pay a
significantly higher salary because the
revenue per employee is much higher so
perhaps there's a slightly different
day-to-day with because of that not
necessarily let's say you're a
vaynermedia he could be doing it to
optimize for profit ones if I told you
his LTV was six seven eight years
then at that point you can still hire
high quality people and pay my arm and a
leg
okay you go what I mean right like you
look at Accenture they're charging
accounts so much money and their
contracts are long and I don't know what
vaynermedia's LTV is but there's a lot
of Consulting companies that have ltvs
of six seven years for clients and their
clients are spending you know a HubSpot
yes it's more Revenue per you can say
potentially in software you can get to
more Revenue per employee but I know
Consulting companies that only take on
contracts that are like five six million
dollars and upwards so you have high
margins and you can have a high Revenue
per employee but
either way no matter what as you build a
big business you're going to need more
people and it's a headache to manage
whether you pay them 70 000 or why do
you pay them 150 000 it's still more of
a headache and the notion that if you
hire someone for 150 000 I'm not saying
you're saying this it doesn't
necessarily mean they're a better
employee right and you know it just
means different types of headaches
correct exactly Engineers for example
are very expensive in this economy right
so the point I'm getting at is a
consulting company I had the demand for
it a lot of people want to pay me for
marketing and there was just so much
demand it would have been silly not to
do and if I'm not trying to go public or
I'm not trying to sell money's money
green is green as long as you're happy
doing what you're doing
take the cash will you ever sell the
company
I wouldn't say I would never sell the
company but I don't care to ever sell
the company because I love what I'm
doing we also have good growth too right
like I don't know what we'll grow this
year 60 something percent which isn't
bad
you know with the market going up and
down and fluctuating 60 something
percent is my guess at our size it's
decent yeah the part I was actually
talking about was a little bit more like
uh I think you're you're totally right
that like if you're gonna win big you're
gonna end up with a bunch of employees
and like you know it might look like 150
it might look like a thousand it might
look like 10 000 but like you know in
either case you're gonna have managerial
work and headaches and it's just
different types the part I was really
talking about is like you know I've now
built let's say a media company content
and then it's like
um
done educational stuff so courses which
are like you know a different thing and
then there's like a built software
company and you know we ended up selling
that one and then it's like and then
there's
um uh Services which is the client
services like like consulting or agency
model and what I hate what I what I love
about content media is it's actually
pretty fun to create and it's cool
because a lot of people consume it so
they kind of you know you get that like
hit um but you gotta like you gotta bake
the cake every day right so like you
know the hustle or like the milk Road or
this podcast it's like we have to come
on and create the content again uh you
know for the most part we we're not
doing like super long Evergreen stuff uh
so we don't like with the hustles the
daily newsletter milk roads and daily
newsletter it's we gotta bake that cake
every day whereas software it was like
we built one product and yes we might we
will improve it over the course of a
year you know every year we're gonna
improve it but like fundamentally
um
we did have to like recreate the product
come up with a new viral story or a new
great content segment uh that would like
require like a new genius uh with
software's like you come up with one
genius moment and then you sort of
refine it make it work better over time
and get rid of bugs and things like that
so I prefer that part of software which
was like making a product rather than
making kind of like a disposable uh you
know consumable piece of content or like
I have an e-commerce company and like
it's a pain in the ass to have Supply
physical products that are supply chain
constrained and like we have a warehouse
we got Warehouse problems with our
e-commerce business and so I'm like man
digital was sweet compared to e-commerce
but e-commerce is quite profitable that
kicks off a bunch of profits that's nice
so every business has these pros and
cons and I always thought agency was
like
um the part I always thought was a pain
in the ass was like the client services
you are Reinventing the next campaign
and the next winning marketing you know
formula for them and you have to keep
clients happy all the time and clients
are sort of like never satisfied in a
way that like they if software is like
you can have nameless faceless customers
that like yeah some percentage of them
will write into your help desk that's in
the Philippines or whatever but like
you're not having to like you know send
account reports to your you know your
big client to keep them happy
yeah but you everyone has their own
problems in software a lot of people
have turned to this issue and they can't
figure it out or they have competitors
that come into the marketplace and just
undercut them on pricing for the same
features because it's cheaper and
cheaper to build software these days
right so they all have their own problem
to me I look at it as if you can find
the right people so every time I start a
company I find people to put in place
that have already done it multiple times
before because your risk of failure are
lower and they already know everything
to do so I don't have to deal with
client relationships I don't have to
deal with customer service or anything
like that I get to do what I enjoy doing
which is go and create content be the
face Etc and uh my wife enjoys what she
gets to do right she gets to donate the
money although we don't really consider
as donations we look at it as investing
we're investing in people although we
really don't ever collect any money back
it's more so you're investing into
making the world a better place for
people's lives a better place or
whatever it may be
what's a Hoover who were your first
three clients
at this at this agent because I don't
know they were small companies
and right now who's an example client
like a Fortune 100 software company
like that is a typical company a think
of any big large corporation in B2B
that's a great example of one of our
customers or even btcy actually think of
any Fortune 500 company that's a prime
example of a customer what's a and who's
the CEO of your agency are you
no I'm never the CEO I'm a terrible
manager I'm one of the worst managers
ever uh his name is Mike gullickson he
was the CEO no he was the president of I
Prospect which is the Ad Agency owned by
uh densu I believe in I Prospect maybe
they had four or five thousand people is
my guests
and what when you how early into the
business did you have a hired CEO or
hired leader
day one I won't start a business without
a CEO from day one and what did you pay
them in the first year
first year was my co-founder for like
100 grand
and that's because you basically went
and jumped up 100 Grand worth of
business and you're like hey Mike uh I
got I got this clients to give him a
hundred grand do you want to run this
thing for me and help it get deployed
no uh our business didn't start off that
way I probably put in total of five
million bucks into the business and my
own money so it was bootstrap but not
really bootstrapped if that makes sense
it's kind of cheating
um and it gets easier and easier as your
entrepreneur right the more the more
successes you have and I'm not saying
I'm Successful by any means the more
Capital you have to deploy into the next
thing so it reduces chances of uh
failure and when it's your own money
this is just my thesis and I could be
wrong on this I have no data points when
it's your own money you're much more
careful than when if you raise like 15
20 30 million dollars of venture capital
right you really look at every single
dollar uh but Mike was the CEO from day
one he's a great operator has no agency
experience eventually we got in a
president and then eventually from there
we got in a CEO
and have you guys crossed 100 million in
Revenue yet
yeah we do nine figures
that's crazy man so well I mean that's
just pretty wild that you're able to
like parlay this blog that was already
kind of a juggernaut but this blog into
a
nine figure a year business I mean
that's amazing
no it's been a good run I hope it I'm
knocking on wood although you probably
can't hear because of Chris but uh I
hope it keeps going and more so we're
just having fun like for me what I enjoy
doing is building a business
um I know I have an expensive lifestyle
I generally don't do stuff for the money
like I overpay like house staff like
nannies and stuff like that when I say
overpay I drastically overpaid not by
like 10 20 30 40 like I really mean
drastically overpay because I look at
people I'm like if you're cleaning a
house how are you going to live on this
like I'll give someone six figures to do
that I know that sounds kind of crazy or
stupid but like I'm not giving my kids
money so might as well take care of
other people in this world who need it
more than
um uh but we do did you just say that
you're not giving kids money
yeah I'm not gonna give my kids money
nothing leave it leave nothing
we have a trust set up what they'll get
maximum is like if they're on the street
and they can't provide and they're going
to be suffering like I will help pay
their bills
um or put them in a normal home or like
if my kids like I want to be a doctor
and I want to go spend all my time in
Africa helping other people out and I
won't get paid for this and I need you
know x 5 000 a month to live or ten
thousand so I can just go volunteer all
my time but like sounds good I'll pay
for that but like I won't give them
money for the sake of it like if they're
like I want to go travel to see Italy or
I wanna a Honda Accord then like go buy
your own Honda Accord go travel on your
own with your own dime like you know I
don't believe in just giving people
money because I think there's other
people who need it more than we do
Sean are you gonna give your kids money
I haven't really thought about it like
my oldest is two so I think I got some
time to figure that out but I
I lean more towards so I've kind of
heard both arguments like um I know
somebody who they if some people are
like you know uh you know I do there's
some people I I'm definitely not in the
camp of I do this for my kids I want to
leave my kids with a whole bunch so I'm
like that may be the worst thing you
could do for them
um not because it means they'll be
ruined drug addicts
yeah you take away you know agency in a
way right like you you want people to
um like it's not that it's good or bad
it's actually just it's just way lower
on the totem pool of priorities it's
like I just don't even focus on that
it's like if I'm gonna leave them
something it's gonna be a certain set of
character character traits and skills
and like uh mentality that's what I'm
trying to leave money is like I don't
know 15th on the list of like I don't
know we haven't even gotten to think
about that yet but I've thought a lot
about what are the character traits and
mentality and like mindset and skills
that I think I can help build and like
that's the focus that's the one that
matters that's the that's the gift if
whatever else comes from Beyond that I
don't know we can figure out it's like
the foot it's like the footnotes
so like we're very similar Mike I have a
two-year-old and a less than
one-year-old right and I look at it as
you want them to be productive units of
society right you want them to be
ambitious hungry uh caring thoughtful
happy like whatever it is there's a lot
of characteristics that you may want
children to be but I look at it as like
they don't need money even like with my
wife and I we go over our expenses and
we look at what we spend on travel and
we do some of this because it's easier
but like my wife and I are actually
considering cutting out all private and
just going commercial now the main
reason our expenses are high is due to
covid so if it wasn't for covet I would
just be going in a normal airport I
didn't know how covet was going to
impact with young kids could afford it I
was like yes just start playing private
and we haven't gone back to commercial
yet but we're thinking about going back
because like my wife and I look at the
money is like yeah we spend all this
money on travel and airfare and hotels
if we donated the money people would
have a better life do we really need it
that much what do you do when you donate
that like what's a good way to donate in
your opinion so there's like
you know ranging from not donating to
donating to one thing to donate to a
bunch of things to like getting involved
or seeing the impact or like you know I
know people who if they donate to Africa
they'll actually their family will go
take a trip every year so that they're
more connected to the people and they
actually see the impact and they take
their kids with them so they see the
impact like what have you found that's a
good way to give
so we have a balance it's my wife and I
team up
um this is going to sound bad but I
don't like volunteering my time my wife
loves volunteering her time I think it's
very inefficient for me to volunteer my
time I should make the money uh versus
volunteering my time because the money
for the hours if we donated the money it
would have a much bigger impact to the
cause than if I actually spent my time
yeah and my wife loves spending the time
and like from going to soup kitchens or
whatever it may be so she picks the
causes we have a few thesis so like one
thesis is we or not really thesis but
rules one rule is is we don't like money
going to organizations that have tons of
high overhead we actually want our money
going to the causes so if it doesn't go
to the cause then we tend to not pick
that
um organization the second thing that we
look for is uh organizations who are
um uh like uh self-sufficient right it's
just like how can this continue going
even if someone wasn't managing so like
a great program for example
is my wife likes donating to women's
education we used to donate also to
men's education as well so you find
these people in these Villages you say
hey you can't afford to go to school get
a degree we'll pay for you to go to
college go get a degree come back teach
kids in your village for a few years
whether it's under a tree or anything
people can learn anywhere right and then
you know go move on with your life and
do whatever you want but at least you're
giving back to your own community and
what we found is when we started giving
because we've been doing this for so
long now uh watching not that long but
when I mean long I'm talking about like
10 11 years where we've been donating
and it it's picked up quite a bit over
the last like five six years when we
started giving the money to men a lot of
the men we saw very low conversion rate
from them actually coming back and
teaching people in the village well when
we gave the money to women for their
education a lot of them came back and
fulfilled on the promise because it's
not like you get a signed contract right
it's just like Hey we're gonna Vapor
everything come back help people out
within your village which country
we've done this in both India and Africa
so different parts of Africa and uh in
India and then another program that
we've done is like growing gardens where
a lot of people who have AIDS don't take
the right uh don't take their medication
and aren't doing well they're getting
they're giving the medication for free
but if your body doesn't have the right
nutrients it rejects it so what we'll do
is we'll do programs like growing
gardens we'll give them money they grow
food and then not only do they eat
nutritiously or well they'll more likely
to take their medication and you're also
growing enough food so that way other
people in the village can also eat
so I was like well my wife picks all the
causes she vets him she loves it like
she'll go this is Wednesday in two days
she'll end up going to a function uh
scouting out more non-profits and
organizations I won't go like I think
it's a waste of time I'm like if I go
make more money she can donate it it's a
better Roi than if I go spend three four
hours mingling when she could just do
that and I can go make more so that way
we can donate more other than your own
private businesses what have been your
best financial investments that's
allowed you to to donate and and make a
lot to give away
stock market has done really well
companies like apple Amazon Google
Facebook I know Facebook's down but they
still have been a tear if you just
bought the stocks early enough
um because some of these companies have
grown 30 40 a year in the public markets
compounding right and it really adds up
uh Angel Investments have done really
well for me and I would say probably
those are the two biggest
um stock market still has done well
although in the last six months I've
taken a beating because I'm in 100 tech
companies like I don't diversify like
everyone's like oh you need some oil and
you need this I'm like yeah I'm just
gonna go All Tech and people are like oh
you're silly look how much you lost but
if you look at the whole time when I
first got in I've done well and I invest
in what I understand and I'm 37 so who
cares you know another 10 years
everything should rebound assuming you
pick the right companies what's your
portfolio look like in terms of
percentages
I probably including private businesses
my public portfolio I if I had a guest I
probably don't even have more than 20
stocks Amazon I I won't be able to name
them all but Amazon Google Facebook
Apple Microsoft uh HubSpot Salesforce
Adobe
atlassian Shopify
um I'm missing some as well